enhance metadata section of User Guide (#836)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: docs/user_guide/datainterfaces.rst

``species`` is the scientific Latin binomial name of the species. For example, ``Mus musculus``
for a mouse.

See :ref:`Subject Best Practices <best_practice_subject_exists>` for details

The ``session_start_time`` is also required. This is sometimes found in the source data. If it is not found, you must add it.

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import datetime
    from dateutil import tz

    metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"] = datetime(2021, 1, 1, 12, 0, 0, tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))

You can use ``tz.tzlocal()`` to get the local timezone.

If the ``session_start_time`` is extracted from the source data, it is often missing a timezone. This is not required but is a recommended best practice. Here is how you would add it.

.. code-block:: python

    metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"] = metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"].replace(tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))

NWB Best Practices also recommends several other fields that are rarely present in the extracted metadata. The metadata dictionary is the place to add this information.

.. code-block:: python

    metadata["NWBFile"].update(
        session_id="session_1",

>         session_description="Observation of finches on the Galapagos Islands",
>         experiment_description="Observation of finches on the Galapagos Islands",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        session_description="Observations of desert plants and reptiles on the island of San Cristobal.",
        experiment_description="Observations of wildlife across the Galapagos Islands.",
```

A user might wonder why these are duplicated - though we sometimes do that in practice, I think this could be an opportunity to highlight how they are different (with experiment being broader in scope than just this one session)

The ``session_start_time`` is also required. This is sometimes found in the source data. If it is not found, you must add it.

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import datetime
    from dateutil import tz

    metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"] = datetime(2021, 1, 1, 12, 0, 0, tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))

You can use ``tz.tzlocal()`` to get the local timezone.

If the ``session_start_time`` is extracted from the source data, it is often missing a timezone. This is not required but is a recommended best practice. Here is how you would add it.

.. code-block:: python

    metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"] = metadata["NWBFile"]["session_start_time"].replace(tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))

NWB Best Practices also recommends several other fields that are rarely present in the extracted metadata. The metadata dictionary is the place to add this information.

.. code-block:: python

    metadata["NWBFile"].update(
        experimenter="Darwin, Charles",
        lab="Evolutionary Biology",
        institution="University of Cambridge",
        experiment_description="Observation of finches on the Galapagos Islands",
        session_id="session_1",

>         identifier="unique_identifier",  # will be automatically assigned if not provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Towards goal of absolute minimization

Also should we pair `session_description` closer to `experiment_description` and maybe move them both to the top?
